Add OPFS standalone article / Update API landing to "File System API" (#27440)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/filesystemsyncaccesshandle/index.md

{{securecontext_header}}{{APIRef("File System Access API")}}

> The **`FileSystemSyncAccessHandle`** interface of the {{domxref("File System Access API", "File System Access API", "", "nocode")}} represents a synchronous handle to a file system entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`FileSystemSyncAccessHandle`** interface of the {{domxref("File System Living Standard", "File System Living Standard", "", "nocode")}} represents a synchronous handle to a file system entry.
```

This class is only accessible inside dedicated [Web Workers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API) (so that its methods do not block execution on the main thread) for files within the [origin private file system](/en-US/docs/Web/API/File_System_Access_API/Origin_private_file_system), which is not visible to end-users.

> As a result, its methods are not subject to the same security checks as methods running on files within the user-visible file system, and so are much more performant. This makes them suitable for significant, large-scale file updates such as [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/) database and [mipmap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mipmap) modifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, its methods are not subject to the same security checks as methods running on files within the user-visible file system, and so are much more performant. This makes them suitable for significant, large-scale file updates such as [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/wasm) database modifications.
```

Same as above.
